300MB UNiTED TEAM - sunmenghao
(1 00 DAYS, 1 00 NIGHTS PLAYING)
And that green one's for you,
whether you like it or not.
l don't like that.
Do l need these?
No.
Come on. Come on.
Why are you so scared?
Well, my parents
don't know l dropped
out of law school,
and l'm living with a man
they've never met before.
And. . .
(SHUSHlNG)
We're adults
about to get married
and start our life together.
Can't we just do that
and not tell my dad?
Yeah.
l promise you,
your parents
are gonna love me.
(LAUGHS)
l'm sorry, baby,
but you blew that chance
when you had sex with me.
(CELL PHONES RlNGlNG)
ls that you?
l think it's you.
lt's mine.
Hi, Daddy.
Hey, Pop.
(MAN CHATTERlNG ON PA)
(ON RADlO) This is
your man Brad Boyd,
Hot 93.7 KZLY.
Don't forget the card,
fellas.
Didn't matter if l
had my chocoIates
in one hand,
my champagne
in the other.
lf l didn't come with
that Hallmark attached,
my ex-wife just flipped.
I never got that.
I guess that's
why she's my ex.
(CHUCKLlNG)
(CELL PHONE RlNGlNG)
Hey.
SONlA: (ON PHONE)
MigueI.
What?
You cannot be
this clueless.
What, Sonia?
Sonia?
Honey?
BOYD: (ON RADlO)
Brad Boyd, Brad Boyd,
B-squared on the radio,
spending time with you
on The Love Hour.
Now Cupid's arrows
are pointing right at you,
pIaying music to
hit your heartstrings.
Ow! Just hit you
in the heart.
Happy VaIentine's Day,
peopIe.
Oh, shit!
BOYD: So what are you
doing tonight, Los AngeIes?
Are you with
the one you Iove,
or are you Ioving
the one you're with?
What am l doing tonight?
l'm gonna let
some trouble find me.
I'm gonna be
out at The Spot
signing autographs.
AII you Iadies out there
Iooking for a vaIentine,
Brad Boyd wiII
be in the house.
Hi.
l'm Sienna.
Brad Boyd.
l know.
Your voice is in
my ear every night.
MC: Yeah, don't forget
Brad Boyd is in
the building, y'all.
Check him out.
(UPBEAT DANCE MUSlC PLAYlNG)
(GROANS)
Wow.
Babe, did you
get that flower
l got for you last night?
ls. . .
l'm just gonna
get some food
on the way to work.
(LOCK BEEPS OPEN)
LUClA: Baby,
can you help me?
MARCUS: Watch it.
l got it, baby.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, what is that smell?
ls that you or is that me?
You, since Colorado.
Shut up.
You know, if we
would've got on a flight,
we would have been here
three days earlier.
l don't wanna hear it!
People die
on planes!
on trains!
They derail !
How about this?
How about we invite
your dad and my parents
to a restaurant tonight?
And then we can
tell them all
at the same time,
in a public place.
How about we
stick to the plan,
do dinner at my
dad's house tonight
and brunch at your
parents' tomorrow?
Okay. All right,
that's the plan.
lt's a good plan.
We can stick
to the plan.
(DlALlNG)
And after l rent a car,
we could get a hotel
and burn some time.
MlGUEL: Hello?
Hi, Daddy!
Hey, sweetie,
what are you doing?
l'm on a train
to LA right now.
No, you're not.
What a surprise!
l didn't think l was
gonna get to see you
tiII spring break.
l was thinking
we could maybe. . .
We could go to
a restaurant tonight?
That's not the plan !
Okay. See you.
Okay, l'll text you
the address.
AII right.
I Iove you, Daddy. Bye.
Bye, angel.
Hey, your sister's coming
to dinner tonight.
l know.
She called me, like,
a couple of days ago.
Dad, not at work.
Why am l always
the last person
to find things out
in this family?
Manny called in sick,
says he has shingles,
so l'm delivering
the Bugatti to
Mr. Endicott.
We have a bunch of
tow calls from LAPD,
so. . . l don't know
what you wanna do.
Tell Jesse or Ramon.
They called in sick, too.
Gout and scurvy.
Let me guess.
This is about
the health coverage.
That's it.
Give me the keys
to the other truck.
l'll tow the cars myself.
All right. You know
you don't pedal with
your feet anymore, right?
Times have changed.
And you have always
been my favorite son.
Shut up.
(LAUGHlNG)
Hey! Whoa!
Oh, yeah, cool.
Cool.
You know what?
l could bring this girl. . .
No, there's this other one
l'm gonna bring. . .
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, stop, stop!
That's my car!
You know what?
Just text me
the address, all right?
Hey, man.
l'm here. This is mine.
l'm sorry, my man,
but it's on the hook.
No, no, no, look.
Look, it's not
hooked up yet.
Look, you haven't
hooked it yet.
Yeah, it's. . .
What? We cool, right?
Yeah, we're fine.
All right, great.
We're good.
Okay.
Ah !
Yes!
Ah-ha!
lt's on the hook,
like l said.
No, no, it wasn't.
lt wasn't on the hook.
l got here before
you had it on the hook.
You're gonna have to
come claim your car.
What, you think l
would trust this ride
with somebody like you?
Excuse me?
What, you don't
speak English now?
We're speaking
English, bro.
l'm not your "bro," ese.
And l'm not
your "ese, " cuz.
l'm not
your "cuz," vato.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
Bye.
Cool. You see this?
You see it right now?
l got my hand
on the doorknob.
You want to
call a policeman?
Police! Police!
(CONTlNUES SPEAKlNG
lN SPANlSH)
l got my hand
on the doorknob.
You can't tow me
if l got my hand
on the doorknob.
You know the law, right?
Here's where
you get it.
Hey, everybody!
Can anybody see here?
l'm towing the car.
l got my hand
on the doorknob,
and he's trying
to tow my car away!
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
She saw! She saw it!
Hey!
Bye!
No, no!
Hey! This is my automobile!
Hey! Hey!
You see me?
Look! Look!
Bye!
Stop! l'm here!
Hey! You see me?
l know you see. . .
Hey. You see my hand
on the knob, right?
You'll testify, right?
Hey! Hey!
This is my car!
Hey. Thanks.
l knew l could
depend on you.
Mmm-mmm.
Come on.
Get in the back.
Come on, Angie.
No.
Angie.
You're on punishment.
Fine. Fine, you want
to be my chauffeur?
No problem. Okay.
Come on, James.
l rarely get out,
all right?
And when l do,
it's for these
radio events.
And the women there
are young.
Okay? l said they're young,
and they love my voice.
As your lawyer,
l suggest you
curb this habit
before you wake up
on the wrong side
of some pissed-off
daddy's shotgun.
l'm human, Angie.
What you want me to do?
You should let me
set you up.
Uh-uh.
No more veterans.
And what is a veteran?
You know.
No, l don't.
Bitter, older women
who've been messed over
by so many men
that they're twisted up
like war vets.
They wake up in the middle
of the night screaming,
trying to choke you
in your sleep.
They get their
little tweezers out
and they're stabbing you
in the heart, going. . .
"You know you did it.
You know you did it."
Slow down.
You already hooked me up
with the unmentionable.
l don't wanna
say her name, so. . .
Oh, no.
You begged me to
hook you up with. . .
Hey.
Don't. . .
lf it wasn't
for me. . .
You know we got a rule.
. . .setting you up with. . .
Do not say that name.
. . .Cheryl.
Oh !
Man, l know.
l'm working on it,
l'm working on it.
(EXHALES)
lf it wasn't for Cheryl,
you wouldn't have Marcus,
and he turned out
wonderful.
And that's a surprise,
seeing he was raised
by your crazy butt.
Luckily,
he had me around
to watch his back.
What would you do
if you didn't have me
here to rescue you, huh?
You'd be standing
on the side of the road.
All true. See,
this way,
you're the only woman
l need in my life.
Oh, God.
Thanks, babe.
See you later.
Bye.
Okay. How do l look?
You look fine.
Hey, you know
those cufflinks
you made me,
the ones with
the little fishes?
Mmm-hmm.
Do you know
where they are?
Hey, l looked in there.
Of course you did.
l can't wait for you
to see the car
for Lucia's graduation gift.
lt's the best work
l've ever done.
(PEOPLE CHATTERlNG)
Hey.
Reservation for Boyd.
Just a moment.
Okay, thanks.
So, we're gonna
tell them everything,
right?
(SlGHS)
Babe?
Yes.
Good. Now, show
the twins a little bit.
Come on.
All right,
that's gross.
Hi, lzzy.
Hi.
l'm hungry.
lz, this is Marcus.
Marcus, this is
my sister, lsabel.
Hey.
You look better
than your picture.
l like your face.
Thanks, and you. . .
And your fingernails
are nice and manicured.
lt's nice.
Okay, enough.
(CHUCKLlNG) Cute.
Can you give us
one real quick,
just a minute?
Yeah.
What?
Have you told Dad
about him yet?
No, that's why
we're here.
This is gonna
be so good.
Mom ! Hi !
Oh, my God !
Look at you !
Mi hija,
you are so grown up!
MlGUEL: No, she's not!
l missed you so much.
You look great,
sweetheart.
Excuse me, sir,
we're having
a family moment here. . .
Dad. Mom.
This is Marcus.
Hey.
Oh. Oh !
Oh, this is Marcus?
You know about
a Marcus?
(NERVOUS CHUCKLE) l. . .
Mrs. Ramirez,
it's a pleasure
to meet you.
Thank you.
Call me Sonia.
And this is my dad,
Miguel.
Call me Mr. Ramirez.
Sir, l've heard
so much about you.
l can't say the same.
l missed you.
Your table is ready.
Oh, good.
Good.
Are you hungry?
Marcus.
We should
eat something.
Yeah.
lt's gonna be okay.
Look, honey,
l need to call
and see what's
taking my dad so long.
l'll meet you.
LUClA: Okay.
There he is.
What's up, Pops?
Hey.
Oh.
l missed you.
You look good.
You do, too.
(LAUGHlNG)
Thanks.
Hey!
Oh. Miguel,
we left the wine
in the car.
Miguel. Wine.
ln the car. Go.
Oh.
l'm sorry.
l'll be right black.
(LAUGHlNG)
l didn't know
her folks were coming.
Yeah, l just figured
you would bring Angela.
l thought this
was a date thing,
not a family thing.
MARCUS: Lucia,
this is my father,
Bradford Boyd.
Brad.
Hi, so nice to meet you.
So you're the one
that my son keeps
talking so much about.
This is my sister,
lsabel.
lzzy.
Okay.
And my mother,
Sonia.
Hi. Thank you.
MARCUS: Where's your dad?
LUClA: He went to the car
to get some wine.
Hi.
Ashley?
Lucy?
Oh, my God !
What the heck?
(LAUGHS)
Hi !
How long has it been?
l don't know,
like, seven years.
Mom, you remember Ashley.
We played softball together.
Hi.
What are you
doing here?
l'm with Brad.
LUClA: You are?
(BRAD CHUCKLlNG)
Yes, l am.
(CELL PHONE BUZZlNG)
Whoa.
My phone is buzzing.
Wow. Can you give me a. . .
Excuse me for a second.
Okay, baby.
Well, this is just. . .
l mean, this is beautiful.
Let's sit.
Okay.
Yes.
l was saving this
for a very
special occasion,
but l guess
this will do.
Hey, Dad,
you remember Ashley, right?
From Lucia's softball team.
Yeah. Catcher, right?
Yeah, that's good.
Good.
Good memory.
So Lucia
invited you, too?
Actually, Daddy,
she's here with
Marcus' father.
His date.
'Cause they're dating.
Each other.
He gets it.
Okay,
you just missed him.
Waiter, l need this
bottle opened now.
Not a problem, sir.
Thank you.
And this is
Marcus' father, Brad.
You? You towed my car!
There was a sign.
You can't read?
l graduated USC
magna cum Iaude.
Marcus, do something.
SONlA:
Keep your voice down.
MlGUEL: . . .brother.
"Brother"?
l'm not your brother,
hombre.
"Hombre, " really?
Dad.
Dad ! Dad ! Dad !
Dad !
What is wrong
with you people?
"You people"?
This is not the place!
You wanna say it,
don't you?
Go ahead and say it.
Embarrass yourself
in front of your daughter.
Go ahead and say it.
Say the word.
He's a jerk.
Look, Dad.
Yes.
What's going on?
How do you even
know each other?
He parked in
a "No Parking" zone.
He towed my car.
l had my hand
on the knob.
Hand on the knob!
How many times
have we heard. . .
This is not the place.
Hey! Hey!
Okay. Let's just calm down
and have a seat. Please.
Please.
You first.
No. You first.
Oh, no, no, no,
you first.
No, no, no, l insist.
What?
Oh, God.
l insist, please!
No, you. . .
Boys.
Sit.
Of course.
Pop.
Just straightening my tie.
You know what l think?
l think it's amazing.
l think that your dad
towed his car,
and your dad thinks
her dad said
something racist,
and you're here with me.
l just think
this is meant to be.
l think it's
absolutely incredible.
And it just connects
all of us, it's. . .
l think this is fate.
Wow. You know
you just said that
out loud.
Okay. Let's start
this night over.
We can sit and
have a lovely dinner
and enjoy getting
to know each other.
That's the point of
this whole thing, right?
Actually,
the point of all this
is to let you know that. . .
Ow! Ow!
We're hungry.
Let's eat.
Yeah.
l hear the gnocchi's
really good here.
What are you doing?
l'm just looking
at my menu.
We're getting married.
What?
Yep.
We are.
Yay.
So sweet.
Marcus is volunteering
for Doctors Without
Borders for a year,
and he leaves
in three weeks.
So we wanted to
do it before that,
before he leaves to Laos.
Laos? Like Los Angeles?
Las Vegas?
Just Laos.
Daddy, it's near Thailand.
Wait, wait, wait.
What's the rush? l mean,
unless there's something
that you two
need to tell us. . .
Oh, God,
you're pregnant!
Lucia!
(ALL ARGUlNG)
No. What? No! No! Dad.
No, no, no.
l'm not pregnant.
(SlGHS)
That would be impossible.
(LAUGHlNG) Okay.
lmpossible?
Mmm-hmm.
lmpossible's good.
Good.
BOYD: lmpossible's good !
lt's good !
lmpossible's good.
That's a good thing.
Very proud of you.
We know this may
all seem rushed,
but it just felt right,
you know?
l couldn't leave
without her.
And l can't just let him
leave without me, so. . .
Wait, wait, wait.
You're going with
him to Sri Lanka?
Laos. lt's near Thailand.
What about. . .
What about
your law degree?
Well,
it's not gonna
affect it at all.
l checked.
l did the research.
Foreign exchange law classes
at the University of Laos?
(SHUSHlNG)
ls there even
a University of Laos?
Yes, l checked.
Baby.
Bye.
What, you couldn't
get the tow truck
down here fast
enough to tow it?
Hey, Brad.
Watch your head.
Bye, you guys.
Bye.
You'll be hearing
from my lawyer.
(LAUGHS)
l just don't like lying.
Look, l promise,
when things calm down,
l will tell them.
l'll see you at home.
Hello, mi hija.
Are you okay?
Yeah. l'm great.
After the way
Dad acted.
You just surprised him,
that's all.
Just give him
a little time.
Marcus is
a really good guy, Mom.
Mmm-hmm.
He wants to do
really good things
in this world.
And what do you want?
l want the same thing.
Then you're lucky.
LUClA: Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning,
angel, hey.
ls Marcus still coming?
Yep.
Good.
Hi, Mama.
(SONlA GREETlNG
lN SPANlSH)
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
Come here,
come here.
Let me see.
(GASPS)
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
Oh, my goodness,
you make me so happy.
Just wait till
you meet him.
l made you your
favorite breakfast,
chorizito con huevos.
Gotta fatten you up
for your babies.
You look about ready,
gordita.
Shut up, flaca.
SONlA: Hey, hey, hey!
That's enough !
(MUMBLlNG lN SPANlSH)
Watch it.
lsabel, again no makeup.
How do you expect
to find a husband?
l'm not looking.
You wanna stay
a spinister
all your life?
MlGUEL: Spinster.
Sounds better than
being trapped by some guy
who expects me to cook
and clean and have babies
while he sits
around getting fat.
Not you, Dad.
What's the rush?
At the age
you're at right now,
you supposed to
be lining them up
like bowling pins
and knocking them over.
Look here.
Congratulations, all right?
Thank you.
Do not listen
to these fools.
Marriage,
it's a beautiful thing.
l mean, once you
find that combination
between trust
and commitment. . .
T.J. : Oh, yeah.
. . .it's like
the doors just fly open. . .
Just beautiful.
Trusting thing.
Loving thing.
You know how much
his woman trusts him?
Lauryn call him
every 1 0 minutes.
That's how much
she trusts him.
(CELL PHONE RlNGlNG)
Well, looky, looky.
Greg, just go ahead
and answer it, okay?
We're cool.
We're just gonna wait.
No, l don't need to.
Don't move it away.
Come on, man.
The phone's got GPS.
lt's cool. We don't
have a problem with it.
Pick it up. Go ahead.
Don't try to
act tough for us.
l'm not trying to
act tough.
T.J. : Okay, okay.
Go ahead. lt's really,
really, really. . .
Don't tell me to answer.
l won't answer the phone.
l don't need to
answer the phone.
You see? There.
Phone stopped ringing.
Did l answer it?
No. Why?
Because that's how l. . .
That's how l get down.
T.J. : "Get down"?
Okay?
Now as l was saying,
when two people come. . .
(CELL PHONE RlNGlNG)
Great.
Look, answer
the phone, man,
because she's
just gonna put you
on lockdown,
it's gonna mess up
our nights.
No, we don't
have lockdown
in my household.
They have
marital Guantánamo.
Look. So she
checks up on me
every once in a while?
Ankle bracelet.
So what? You know
what l get in return?
Sex on the regular.
lt is so nice. Sex. . .
When was the last time
you had sex on the regular?
Sex on the regular?
On the regular.
Ain't all about quantity.
lt's all about quality.
Well, just because
you pay for it
doesn't make it quality.
(BOTH LAUGHlNG)
l'm killing them today.
T.J. : Y'all can laugh
all y'all want, man.
Ain't no shame
in my game, baby.
Brad, you know
how l get down.
l do.
And my girl,
Peaches. . .
Peaches is a. . .
She is a professional.
(CELL PHONE RlNGlNG)
Peaches.
lf you don't
pick that phone up,
you're gonna be asking me
for Peaches' phone number.
Okay, so what happens
if you don't answer it?
(STUTTERlNG) What?
What happens. . . What?
lf you don't
pick it up?
Well, nothing happens.
Five, four. . .
l'm a man,
that's what happens.
. . .three. . .
lt means she steps off.
Two. . .
She knows. She knows
who wears the pants
in this relationship.
One. . .
Oh, you must have
forgotten what happened
in Cancún last year.
Hey, honeypie.
What's up?
(MlMlCKlNG GREG)
"Hey, honeypie."
No, we weren't
talking about you. No.
What's that song
that Babyface made
a few years ago?
l'm not talking
in my high voice.
(SOON AS l GET HOME PLAYING)
You know,
l'm just happy
to hear from you.
Hey.
Guys, give him a break.
They're clowning me.
No, they didn't
call you a clown.
You see that, right?
That could be you.
No. No, Lucia's
not like that.
Not yet.
You don't really
know what she's like.
Wait, where's
all this coming from?
l thought you liked her.
You saw her dad.
You saw her family.
Are you just tripping
'cause she's not black?
All l'm saying is that
you don't know the deal
until you say, "l do."
And that ring on your finger,
that's about the realness.
l wanna make sure
that you're doing it
at the right time
and that you're
not rushing things.
Love can't tell time.
l gotta go.
Where you going?
Pop, l already told you.
l'm meeting her family
for brunch.
l miss her,
l can't wait to
see her. All right.
There goes another one.
You scared him away.
You're scaring
the white people.
(RlNGlNG DOORBELL)
Hey.
Ready?
Yeah. You ready?
Mmm-hmm.
All right.
(GREETlNG lN SPANlSH)
Abuela.
Yeah?
This is Marcus.
(SCREAMS)
Ma'am. . .
Are you okay?
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
l'm just
trying to help.
Get up.
(SOBBlNG)
Come on.
l'm sorry.
Marcus.
Mr. Ramirez.
Hey, l'm headed off
to the store
to get some eggs.
Why don't you join me?
SONlA: Miguel,
we have plenty of eggs.
Sure.
No. One can never
have too many eggs.
Mr. Ramirez,
l know we just met. . .
Miguel. Miguel.
lt's Miguel.
Call me Miguel.
Miguel, weren't you. . .
No.
No. Mr. Ramirez.
Mr. Ramirez,
weren't you and
Mrs. Ramirez young
when you got married?
Yeah, we were,
but l was respectful.
l talked to
her father first,
so he could get to know
the measure of the man l am.
Oh.
(STUTTERlNG) l'm sorry.
l didn't even
think about that.
Do people still do that?
lf they value family.
l do.
l do, absolutely, sir.
Absolutely.
That's good to hear.
l'm sure you
and your wife
would enjoy time
to get to know me
a little better.
l wish there was a way
to accelerate the process
of getting to
know someone, you know?
Yeah.
There's the grocery store.
lt's like
you were saying,
a really quick
and easy way to
find out who you are.
lt's pretty simple.
All you gotta do
is put your thumb
on that scanner pad,
and that's it.
Right, Turman?
That's right.
l'm gonna run
your prints
for the basics,
prison record,
warrants,
sexual offenses. . .
Come on, really?
Really?
Ramirez Towing is
one of LAPD's
biggest vendors, so. . .
l'm sorry.
You know, if l loved
someone as much as
you say you love her,
and l had
nothing to hide,
l would do it.
l've got nothing
to hide.
So for me,
personally, it's easy.
See that?
You know what?
You're right.
Whatever it takes
to win you over.
Oh ! Slow your roll
before you lose your soul.
Let me walk you through it.
Step back.
You're done.
Laos? You know,
there's a lot of
sick kids in America.
Why don't you help them?
Look, l know
healthcare sucks
for our poor,
but there are
places in the world
(SCANNER BEEPlNG RAPlDLY)
where kids have
no access to medical care.
Whoa. Hello.
Guys, we got a problem.
There's a warrant for
your arrest for failure
to appear on
a public nudity charge.
Bill !
BlLL: Yeah.
We got us a perv.
That's disgusting.
Miguel,
l'm talking about you.
You got an outstanding
warrant from 1 984.
What? No! No!
l was 1 9.
We were having fun,
and we were drunk and. . .
l mean, no, no, no.
We were not drunk,
'cause that would
be illegal.
We were high. . .
No! We were not high !
l'd stop talking
if l was you.
Okay.
l'm not talking.
Wow.
l'm good, right?
For now.
Hey, man,
have a great time in Laos.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Miguel, please do not
ruin this for her.
He is in love and he
wants to get married.
What's wrong with that?
Don't act like
you don't know
what l'm talking about.
Look at us.
Just because
our marriages didn't work,
that doesn't make
marriage a bad thing.
Oh.
So are you saying
that you'd actually
like to do it again?
l don't know.
Come on.
Why are you trying. . .
You are crazy.
You know that?
l'm not crazy.
l just like things
to make sense.
ls that okay?
Well, life doesn't always
make sense, Bradford.
And love doesn't
always make sense.
l don't think
that's such a bad thing.
Wow, Angie.
That is so deep.
l'm so happy that
you followed me
to Los Angeles
for that
little tidbit of advice.
"Followed you"?
Don't flatter yourself.
'Cause l needed somebody
to be here and school me.
Do a little step for me.
Mmm-hmm.
Am l gonna have
lots of fun.
Are you trying
to touch my booty?
l did?
ls that your butt?
(DOORBELL RlNGlNG)
All right,
l'll be back.
Oh, oh !
Stop!
l took care of
your suspension.
l brought it in
on the flatbed.
l even fixed
the little knob there
on the gear shift.
lt was kind of
tricky on the '65,
but on the '66. . .
But on the '66. . .
. . .they fixed them.
Wow.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
ls that a scratch?
What?
There's a scratch
right here on my hood.
There's no scratch.
There was no
scratch on my hood
before you towed it.
You're saying l
scratched you car?
You scratched my car!
l did not
scratch your car!
How would l scratch
the top of your car?
Were you trying
to slip it by me?
l was underneath the car.
What is wrong
with you?
Wait, wait.
Pop! Pop! Pop!
There's nothing there.
Look, it's a smudge.
Look. See?
See, there's no scratch.
There's no scratch.
There's no scratch,
sweetheart.
There's no scratch.
Look, why don't we
just all go inside
and relax?
l need to use
your bathroom.
Sorry.
But the guest bathroom,
l'm renovating it.
You might have to hold it
till you get home.
And that's the only
bathroom you have
in your whole house?
That guests get
to use, yes.
Mr. Ramirez,
l'll show you
the bathroom.
lt's upstairs
to the left.
l guess a few years
after him,
l moved here to practice
entertainment law.
Angela's like my aunt.
Well, more than my aunt.
She helped raise me.
(ANGELA LAUGHlNG)
Okay.
(WHlRRlNG)
What?
Mmm.
(LAUGHlNG) Really?
So your mother
is where?
We were divorced
when he was five.
l fought for custody,
and l got it.
She didn't fight back.
Yes.
Come on. Come on !
Stop!
Oh.
All righty.
So, we were thinking
March 3rd for the wedding.
lt's in two weeks.
Nothing big. Easy.
Yeah, we wanted to
do something small,
just the people
in this room
and her sister.
LUClA: Yeah, lzzy would
be there, of course.
No.
LUClA: No?
No, no, no.
No?
No.
What do you mean, "no"?
No. l mean, no.
lt should be
something special.
Like, it should be
a traditional
Mexican wedding.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
Too bad we're
just one Mexican short.
Here we go.
No disrespect,
Mrs. Ramirez,
but l think that
both the cultures
have to be represented.
l mean, we have a lot
of African-American
wedding traditions
that are great
and we should
explore them.
Like what?
l can't believe
you forgot, Angie.
You know,
jumping the broom.
One.
We could do that.
Yeah. Yeah.
LUClA: That's fun.
Dancing. We like to
do the electric slide
when we. . .
No.
. . .actually
have our weddings.
l like.
That's a nice one.
You must have
your dance routines.
Your merengues,
your salsas,
your Macarenas.
And singing.
We like to do
the negro song.
The national black song.
The Negro National Anthem.
You know the song.
Lift every voice and sing
Marcus.
No.
TiII earth and heaven ring
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
(SlNGlNG lN SPANlSH)
Ring with the...
Stop.
Pop.
Let our rejoicing rise
LUClA: Dad !
Brad !
Dad ! Hey!
Can you stop?
Tell him to stop, too.
MARCUS: Pop!
(BOTH CONTlNUE SlNGlNG)
Brad, come on !
LUClA: Dad.
MARCUS: Pop.
Hey.
Will you stop?
(CONTlNUES SlNGlNG
lN SPANlSH)
Stop. Stop.
Stop.
LUClA: Dad.
Cool.
Look, l think that
we could incorporate
all of these things.
We can think about
making the wedding
a little bigger.
No. No, we can't
afford that.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
She's saying that in
the Mexican tradition,
the padrinos,
or the godparents
basically,
pay for the wedding.
But since there are none,
in this case,
that it's up to
the father of the groom
to pay for the wedding.
That's tradition.
(LAUGHS)
You got to be joking.
l'm sorry,
but l just. . .
Look, if it's too hard
to handle. . .
l mean, if you don't
have the money,
l understand.
Just try to be
a man about it.
Excuse me?
No, not "excuse me."
Say, "l'm cheap.
Can't do it."
Fine, it's handled.
l'll pay for it.
Don't worry,
it will be big
and Mexican.
We'll have my
cousins come over.
They're gonna
speak Spanish.
You know, the ones
that act so Mexican
they embarrass us.
Wait.
We have two families,
the simplest thing is
to split the cost.
Okay, hello. Hey.
What about us?
lt's our wedding.
What about
what we want?
Four words.
"Our marriage,
their wedding."
But l'm just
saying that. . .
Repeat after me,
"Our marriage. . ."
(CLEARS THROAT)
Our marriage.
". . .their wedding."
Their wedding.
Great. So, l suggest
we go with a DJ
instead of a band.
Oh, we could
save money on that.
l got a crate-full of
Tower of Power records.
Dad.
l'll handle the DJ.
That's a good idea.
Okay, that still
leaves the venue.
Why don't we
just have it here?
BOYD: What?
Yes!
MARCUS: Yes.
BOYD: No, no, no, no.
No, that's a great idea.
This place is perfect
for a small wedding
and reception.
Yeah, and we can
set the tables
on the lawn,
and we can float
candles in the pool.
And release doves.
Oh.
Doves?
Do you know that
there's acid in
dove droppings?
Do you know what that does
to wooden lawn furniture?
lt puts little, bitty spots
all over the furniture.
Dad, l know how you
care about the crib,
but it would mean
a lot to us to have
the wedding here.
No doves.
No doves, all right.
(COOlNG)
Mom, l like these.
lz, which ones
do you like more?
(CELL PHONE RlNGlNG)
Hello?
Helpful.
(BANGlNG)
What? Watch it, man.
You're gonna break the door.
l'm sorry, man.
l think l got
the address wrong.
Do you know which house
is Brad Boyd's?
l'm Brad Boyd.
This is my house.
Are you sure?
Yeah, last time l checked.
l supposed
to build an altar
for Lucia's wedding.
Are you sure
it's your house?
What? What?
lt can't be my house?
What. . . What are
you trying to say?
Go ahead and say it.
Nothing, bro.
(LAUGHlNG)
Oh ! l get it.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
(MEN LAUGHlNG)
l was in a really
serene place.
l was doing my
morning meditations.
l'm sitting out here.
You got people running
all over my house.
MlGUEL: (ON PHONE)
My uncIe Manny works
construction during the week.
So if we want it
for free,
it's gonna be
on his off hours.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Slow down, slow down.
That vase, that's a Bauer.
lt's very expensive.
l can't believe it.
This is ridiculous. . .
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
(EXCLAlMlNG)
Sonia, thanks for
this wonderful
seating board.
Schematic.
A seating schematic.
All right.
Well, trust me when l say
the seating schematic
is the most important
and complicated aspect
of this process.
How we arrange
these tables
can be the difference
between a day to cherish
and a hellish oblivion.
Good.
Okay. l'll start.
l put my mom,
my brother, his wife,
my two nephews,
my dad and step mom
from St. Louis
at Table Number 3.
Oh. Hey, Earlene.
You still screwing
my husband?
l'm not your husband,
woman.
Yes, you are.
We never
got a divorce.
We're just
legally separated.
You never
got a divorce?
Baby, it's been 35 years.
l think there's a statute of
limitations or something.
You never
got a divorce?
Alzheimer's.
You lied to me.
Oh, my God.
DlANE:
Still the other woman.
How does it feel?
l'll show you
how it feels!
ANGELA: Told you it's
gonna be tricky.
How about we put your mom
and your nephews at TabIe 9?
BOYD: My brother,
he's a big mama's boy.
He can't be far away
from my mom.
Mama. Mama!
What are you calling
your mother for?
Mama.
ANGELA: Sonia, why don't
you put your Aunt Rosita
and Uncle Juan at Table 6,
and, Brad,
you can put your mom
and the kids there as well.
(SNORlNG)
Oh, you must be
with the black
groom's family.
l know this because
you are black.
(LAUGHlNG)
(SCREAMlNG)
Oh ! What was that?
MlGUEL: Oh, no, no, no, no.
You cannot sit Cousin Jaime
near any women.
Oh. Well, in that case,
can we move my friends
next to Marcus'
frat brothers?
MARCUS: Mmm.
My boys get a IittIe rowdy
when they drink.
So do my girls.
(WHOOPlNG)
Okay.
What about Raymond?
l thought
he was in prison.
SONIA: ParoIed Iast month.
What the fuck you
looking at, holmes?
Mom !
Table 8, Table 8.
MlGUEL: Yeah,
the officers from Rampart.
SONlA: Yeah.
That's good, that's good.
(SOBBlNG)
What about Marcus' mom?
Your ex?
(SCOFFS)
What?
Okay.
Oh, my.
WOMAN: This way, ladies.
Okay. Thank you.
Ladies, welcome.
Oh, my God.
Lucia, look at this.
(SONlA EXCLAlMlNG lN AWE)
And look at this one.
Okay.
Let's begin our journey
with a picture.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
lSABEL: Hey, Luce,
l've been meaning
to ask you. . .
Smile for the before.
. . .is it true
what they say
about black guys?
Why ask a question
when you know the answer,
pinche puta?
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
Spanish is such
a romantic language.
lsn't it?
lt is.
Okay. lt's time to
pick out some gowns.
Mi hija, look.
Magnificent.
Maybe.
Stay still.
Beautiful.
(SPEAKlNG lTALlAN)
Look good?
Very nice.
Whoa.
Excuse me.
Why is his white?
He has to be distinctive
with the bride.
(LAUGHS SARCASTlCALLY)
Oh, l see.
Sorry, but l'm
the father of the groom.
l'm distinctive,
and l would like to have
a white dinner jacket,
as well.
(SPEAKlNG lTALlAN)
You cannot.
You have to stay
in the black.
That's how it's
going to be uniform.
Just like that.
Our marriage,
their wedding.
Look, Pops,
just wear the black tux.
lt's classic.
What's the matter, Brad?
You don't like black?
Black is always classy.
You know what they say,
"Once you go black. . ."
(CLEARlNG THROAT)
Your credit goes bad.
What did you say?
Come out and enjoy
the inauguration of
the most important dress
you will ever wear.
Oh.
Careful.
Take a look.
(SlGHS)
(COUGHlNG)
Mom?
What?
What are you doing?
lt is so pretty.
Mom !
Oh.
l just. . . l thought l'd try
some things on with you.
You know,
to save time.
Our marriage,
their wedding.
That's cute.
lzzy, where's your dress?
l wasn't
really feeling it.
You weren't feeling it?
Well, did you
even try it on?
Sure.
What's wrong
with this dress?
l like it.
Then you wear it.
Since when do
you like pink?
lt's not pink.
lt's lavender rose.
Yeah, whatever.
What the hell is
your problem, lzzy?
You're supposed to
be my maid of honor.
l never asked to be
your maid of honor.
You're my sister, okay?
That's what sisters do.
l vow to not
get married young
like Yessenia or Letti. . .
BOTH: Always pregnant
or getting pregnant,
never dreaming of
anything better.
l know the pact. Okay?
l fell in love.
lt changes things.
But it doesn't change
who you are.
You don't think Mom
told herself that?
Do you think
she's happy?
Yes.
l mean, what the hell
does she do all day?
Her jewelry.
Yeah. Okay, sure.
lf she's not
taking care of Dad.
And when do you
think is the last time
he did something
nice for her?
l bet you that dinner
the other night
was their first
night out in a decade.
And you saw the way
she was looking
at the vibrator
in the lingerie store.
She probably thought
it was a food mixer
or something.
No, it was like she
saw water in a desert.
Okay. Stop.
That's disgusting.
(BOTH LAUGHlNG)
lSABEL: l swear,
you get pregnant
before you're 30,
l'm gonna
kick your ass.
Look, lzzy,
l'm not Mom.
Yeah, all right.
We'll check back
with you in 25 years.
(KlSSlNG)
(SOON AS l GET HOME PLAYING
ON CAR STEREO)
I'II cook your dinner, too
Oh, baby
Soon as l get home from work
I'II pay your rent
(LAUGHlNG) What?
What?
Why are you laughing?
My dad's friends
were singing
this song to me
'cause they say
l'm whipped.
Really?
They just don't
know what l got.
(SlNGlNG ALONG)
Girl, l'll treat you right,
and l'll never lie or flirt
Soon as l get home
Soon as l get home from work
MlGUEL: All right,
keep your eyes closed
just for two more seconds.
Come on, Miguel,
l got like a thousand
other things to do.
Yeah, l know,
but l just wanted you
to see Lucia's present.
Look.
(GASPS)
Oh, my God.
ls this your old ride?
Yeah.
Sexy, isn't it?
l just finished
it this morning.
You like the new color?
Pink?
Yeah. Come on, get in.
Ooh. Wow.
Aw.
We had some good times
in this car.
Yeah, we did.
Mmm.
Wanna have some
more good times
in this car?
Yep.
Oh, no, not now. No.
Come on,
nobody's looking.
No, no.
lt's the garage.
No, no, no, no.
(UNZlPPlNG)
'Cause it's where l. . .
Oh !
(BOTH EXCLAlMlNG)
Down here.
That's fine.
MlGUEL: That's not
what l meant.
l mean, get off,
not get on.
lSABEL: Really?
l was trying to
get away from you.
You guys are old.
That's disgusting.
No, it's not
what it looks like.
l'm looking at
the rusty muffler
from under here. . .
Yeah, l bet it's rusty.
No, really, it's. . .
(CHATTERlNG)
Hey, hey, hey.
You don't touch
another man's grill.
Give me that.
So, Marcus,
are you Catholic?
Technically, l'm Baptist,
but l'm not really
into organized religion.
But he believes in God.
Right, baby?
Yeah. l just
don't go to church.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
He's a heathen.
She's just saying that
traditional Mexican weddings
are traditionally Catholic.
Well, we were thinking
about something a little
less traditional.
Right, Luce?
Mmm.
We were just
thinking about it.
Like what?
This woman know
how to cook?
No.
But it's no big deal.
My Pops taught me.
Your Pops taught you?
So, Lucia,
your dad was telling me
that you are
at Columbia Law.
Mmm-hmm.
Dean's list.
ANGELA: Great school.
You planning on
taking the bar in
New York or California?
l don't know yet.
l haven't really decided.
You know what?
l think everybody's being
a little bit
off the mark right now,
talking about
law degrees
and all that.
This woman
can't even cook.
What you gonna
feed you children? Huh?
T.J.
Fruit Loops?
SpaghettiOs,
out of the can?
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
"Can this," what?
What does that mean?
You talking
about my mama?
CEClLlA:
Can your mama make
huevos rancheros?
T.J. : Huevos, what?
Have you called
Father Paez yet?
No, not yet.
Lucia, it's going to take
a personal plea from you
to get him on
such short notice.
And if you can't,
what are you going to do?
l'm sure we can
get somebody else.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
So can Lucia.
Grandma, stop.
We were thinking
we might just
write our own vows.
No, no, no, no.
Father Paez baptized you,
and he's done all of
our family weddings.
lsn't it enough that
you're being disrespectful
to your faith
by not marrying
in the church?
Okay, l will call him.
l'll call him.
We were supposed
to come to town,
and you were going to
come clean to your parents
and have a small ceremony
before heading overseas.
Now all l hear is
tradition this
and tradition that,
and you changing
everything we agreed on.
Well, l can see
how you might be
a little reluctant
towards tradition,
given the very
unorthodox way
you grew up.
Unorthodox?
Marcus,
you were raised
by a single man
who dates girls
l went to high school with.
lt's a little unorthodox.
No, you're trying
to flip this on me,
make up for the fact that
you can't tell
your dad the truth.
All right. Okay.
You know,
you get around
your family,
you act like
a little 1 2-year-old.
You're a grown woman.
Marcus, l don't
really feel like
talking about this
right now.
Baby. Babe,
Lucia, l'm sorry.
Look, everything is
just so tense
around this wedding,
you know?
Yes. l know.
l don't really wanna think
about this wedding anymore.
We just need
to have fun.
Have fun?
That's not
what l meant.
MlGUEL: All right, sweetie.
Give me a good one, this one.
Hey, hey.
Baby, hi.
Daddy, l invited Marcus.
He played in high school.
He's really good.
What's up,
pop-in-law?
Hey, Miguel.
Lucia said that
your team needed
some help, so l'm here.
Hi, Brad.
What?
Yeah. No. . .
We don't need any help.
We've never won a game.
l'm gonna warm up
with Marcus, Dad.
(SPECTATORS CHEERlNG)
Marcus,
make sure you're ready.
lSABEL: Come on, Dad.
You got this.
All right, Luce.
You know where to put it.
What the. . .
lSABEL:
That's all right, Dad.
Come on, Marcus.
SONlA: All right, Marcus.
Show the old man
what you got.
Come on, Marcus.
(ALL CHEERlNG)
(CHEERlNG)
Go, baby.
MlGUEL: See, we're not
all about the flash.
We're about
the work ethic.
That's why
we dominate the game.
Like A-Rod and Manny,
that kind of work ethic?
Well, those guys
are Dominican.
l'm sorry,
what are you
trying to say?
MARCUS:
Come on, B-squared.
BOYD: Give me one.
MARCUS: Knock it out.
Yeah, yeah.
Go, go, go, go. Yes!
Come on, Brad.
l got it! l got it!
Good job, Dad.
Come on in, come on in,
come on in, guys,
come on in.
Okay. . .
Okay, look,
we're only down by one.
l just need one of you
to get on base,
and l'll get us home.
Right.
That's a good plan.
All right.
l've never seen
anybody strike out
in self-pitch
softball before.
Oh, the bat slipped,
okay?
Hold it tighter
next time.
Just a thought.
Dad, you got this.
Okay. l got this.
Win on three.
One, two, three. . .
ALL: Win.
Watch, brother.
You're about to witness
Mexican power, my friend.
Oh, l don't think so.
Yeah, Mexican power.
Say it.
Hold the bat.
No, Mexican power.
Just hold the bat.
Mexican power.
Hold the bat.
Don't drop the bat.
Mexican power.
Try not to drop the bat.
Don't drop the bat.
(SPEAKlNG lN SPANlSH)
Don't drop the bat!
Come on, Miguel.
All right, Daddy.
MAN: He's a choker.
Don't pay attention
to them.
Here we go.
Nice and easy.
BRAD: You can do it.
Hit the ball.
Good job. Go!
Go, go. You got it.
Run, run, run.
(ALL GROANlNG)
Go, Daddy.
Go, go, go!
Go!
Come on, Dad !
Come on, man ! No!
(SPECTATORS EXCLAlMlNG
lN DlSAPPOlNTMENT)
MAN 2: (LAUGHlNG)
You're short.
That was a good hustle,
Dad.
You got to be
kidding me. Miguel.
(STUTTERlNG) You. . .
What was that?
LUClA: lt's all right, Dad.
Come on, Marcus,
knock it out of the park.
One more time, baby.
Come on.
Come on, Daddy.
Give him a good one.
MAN: Knock it
out of the park, Marcus.
Come on, baby.
Bring mama home.
You got this.
All right, Marcus.
Show the old man
what you got.
SPECTATORS: (CHANTlNG)
Marcus! Marcus!
What the. . .
Marcus. Daddy,
what are you doing?
Are you okay?
Are you crazy
or something?
You lost your mind?
Come on, let's go.
Hey, hey, hey.
(ALL SHOUTlNG)
lt's ridiculous.
What is your problem, Dad?
What is my problem?
Brad attacked me.
Yeah. After you
beaned Marcus
with the ball.
The ball slipped.
And the way
he fell to the floor,
all dramatic.
l mean, come on.
Dad, stop.
He's not
good enough for you.
Oh, come on.
How can you say that?
He went to USC.
He graduated from
Columbia Medical School.
Daddy,
what is the problem?
lf he's so special,
why did you hide him
from me?
l wasn't hiding him.
We speak every Sunday,
and you never
brought up his name.
Why?
Come on in the house,
mi hija.
l promised Lucia
her parents would love me.
There you go.
Guess l lied.
Dude's a little off.
You know that, right?
l mean,
he's a little touched.
To be honest,
l'm not in love
with them either.
l mean, is that wrong?
Should l be
worried about that?
Or the fact that
none of this is
going like l
thought it would?
You say you want to
marry her, l'm good.
You say you don't
want to marry her,
l'm good, too.
That's not what
l'm talking about.
l just really need
some advice here.
l'm your dad,
but l'm not the person
to ask for
marriage advice from.
'Cause you know how
l feel about that.
You'll figure it out.
l've always let you
do your thing,
and you always
do it good.
Yeah, l know.
l just. . .
Sometimes,
l wish you weren't
so unorthodox.
Okay. l see.
ls this 'cause
l didn't make you
eat that asparagus,
make you grow up
really big and strong?
You still grew up
big and strong.
(LAUGHS)
ls that what you wanted?
Yeah, maybe.
l can see that
you're head over heels
for this girl.
l felt like that
about your mom.
l rushed it.
l ignored all the signs.
So if anything doesn't
feel good, anything,
all l'm asking is
that you trust it.
Okay?
Yeah.
SPORTSCASTER: (ON RADlO)
Ready now. Here's the pitch,
high and outside. BaII three.
You know, this guy
doesn't Iook nearIy
as sharp today
as he was
in his Iast outing.
In fact, this is as far
out of the strike zone
that I've seen him pitch
in a Iong, Iong time.
Okay. Runners are
at first and second
in the third. No score.
You know,
when you were a little girl,
l would rock you to sleep.
l would dream
about the day that
you'd get married.
What it would be like,
what he would be like.
This is just not how
l dreamt it would be.
Yeah.
Well, it's not your
dream anymore, Dad.
lt's mine.
And when l look at Marcus,
l don't see brown,
or black, or white.
lsn't that
how you raised me?
Well, good night.
Okay.
(SPORTSCASTER CONTlNUES
ON RADlO)
WOMAN: (SlNGlNG)
Here comes the bride
on the top of the cake
BOYD: ls this organic?
Oh, yeah.
No, no, no.
This is from where?
A different place,
or what?
Three different places?
Listen, l want. . . No.
No, no, no.
l want you to
experience the cake
like you will
on the day.
The bride and groom
need to feed each other.
Oh.
That's the tradition.
That's really sweet,
but we're not the. . .
Wow, that is
such a great idea.
Honey. . .
l bet it even
tastes different.
You only
get married once.
That's exactly right.
Here we go.
Yes, you link arms.
That's the tradition.
The bride needs
a little cake
to feed to the groom.
And then, how do
you turn it around
to go back like. . .
You see what
l'm saying?
This whole thing
is ridiculous.
You are an ass.
Why do people
who love each other
shove cake into
each other's face?
Because they
love each other.
Why do we have
to have cake?
No!
No, that's not
how we do it.
You're supposed to
take a little piece.
Well, that's how
we do it.
Now it's on.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah.
Let's go.
What are you doing?
No, no, no!
No, no.
Get out of the way.
Excuse me.
Stop! Stop!
Oh ! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Okay.
This has got. . .
Got to stop, okay?
l mean, to leave them. . .
l know you're
getting married. . .
No, no, no.
Oh, God. Okay.
Not in my hair.
Are you serious?
(BOYD LAUGHlNG)
So much more fun
planning a wedding
when you're not
the one getting married.
Yeah.
Speak for yourself.
Because this wedding
is killing me.
And my pocketbook.
l hear you.
What? You just
threw that thing
on the floor.
You know you just
threw that on the floor?
You're messing with me, right?
l am. l do half of
the things l do
to mess with you.
Why do you want
to mess with me?
Because. . .
Why do you like
messing with me?
l think. . .
You think. . .
l can feel it
Even when you're not here
I can't do a thing
Oh, l'm so in love with you
So, darling, help me, please
Have mercy on a fooI Iike me
Getting nervous?
No.
This is Brad Boyd
coming at you Iive,
Hot 93.7 KZLY.
So what's on tap
for tonight, LA?
What am I doing tonight?
As you know,
my son Marcus is
getting married,
so I'm gonna be
at Le Spot
Iooking for a DJ
for the wedding.
So the question is,
"What are you
doing tonight, LA?"
AII right, caIIer,
you're on.
Hey, Brad, it's MigueI.
You know,
if I'm paying for
haIf the wedding,
I'm coming with you
to see about this DJ.
(UPBEAT MUSlC PLAYlNG)
MAN: Hey, Brad.
How's it going?
l'm with him.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
take it easy, buddy.
Brad, this guy
won't let me in.
He's with me.
Sorry.
Come here.
Hey.
Hey!
See this?
Yeah. l'm gonna
have a drink.
Bartender.
l'm not a bartender.
This is a bar and
you are tending it.
l'm a mixologist.
A what?
Mixologist.
Don't mess with
this guy's identity,
all right?
What kind of beer
you have on tap?
We only serve
what's on the menu.
Could l have
a Hendricks
with about this much tonic
and a splash of bitters.
lt's not on the menu.
Let me know, guys.
Watch this.
Bartender.
Hey, guy behind bar!
Sir Mix-a-Lot.
Mixmaster flash.
Mixologist.
Yeah?
Let's have a Pink Nipple.
Make that two Nipples,
please.
Wow! lt gives it
that irrigated flavor.
Really? He's serious.
Look at that. Ooh !
Just like a Cosmo,
you know?
A what?
A Cosmo.
Open up a tab?
We're just gonna
have one drink.
Hey, mixologist.
Please fill my
liquid receptacle.
When is the last time
that you were in a club?
l've been married
for 25 years, right?
Okay.
Twenty-five years!
(EXCLAlMlNG)
Yeah, baby!
Oh, yeah !
Remember that?
That was nice.
What about this?
And then the Roger Rabbit.
Bro, remember that movie?
Yeah, there it is.
There it is.
l could do it.
The Matrix.
Look, The Matrix.
l'm Neo! l'm Neo!
Shoot me!
Hey, Brad.
Yeah?
l can't get up, bro.
You got it.
You got it. Yeah.
Whoo!
That's a true story.
Do you guys
know Duran Duran?
Yeah.
The Reflex.
l told them,
all of them.
They gave me this tie, man.
This is a Duran Duran tie.
Yeah, man.
Miguel, we gotta chill
on the drinking, man,
'cause we still
gotta go over here,
talk to the DJ.
Yeah, 'cause that's
why we're here.
Yeah. Hey, hey, hey!
DJ Spin-Sane.
There he is!
The spinster.
Yeah, l'm Spin-Sane.
But l ain't
no DJ, gramps.
l'm a turntable-ist.
(BOTH LAUGHlNG)
You got. . .
Exactly, man.
lt's a whole new world
out there, bro.
See, he isn't a DJ.
He's a turntable-ist.
And that guy over there,
mixologist.
BOYD: Mixologist!
l am not a Latin.
l am a Latinist.
So add an "-ist"
at the end.
Fo' shizz, my nist.
'Cause what are you?
l'm a radio-logist.
You're a doctor.
Always wanted
to be a doctor.
Like father,
like son, Doctor.
(EXCLAlMlNG)
What the. . .
(LAUGHlNG)
MAN: Hey, man !
Cool, cool.
No, that's funny.
Come on, that's funny.
Wow, look at his face.
BOYD: lt was a mistake.
He's been
drinking a little bit.
He's like a mountain.
Hey, you're a mountain-ist.
Oh, my God.
Hey, he wants to dance.
He wants to dance.
(WHOOPlNG)
OFFlCER: Captain, line two.
Oh, thanks.
You should have
had the wedding here.
You can't seem
to stay away.
MARCUS: You were supposed
to just go in there
and see the DJ.
Why couldn't
you even do that?
lt's not my fault.
l told you he was
a little touched.
He went crazy
loco on me in there.
Too many Nipples.
LUClA: What?
MARCUS:
Look, for the next
couple of days,
l just need you
to be my dad.
After the wedding's done,
you can go back
to being Brad Boyd.
Hey, l'm always
your dad, all right?
Yeah, and l've always
been your dad.
Jesus!
Hey, watch your mouth.
l get to act crazy
and be drunk
'cause l raised you
your whole life.
And then he comes
around and tells me
that he's gonna
marry my daughter
and take her
to Timbuktu.
Oh, yeah,
and not bring in
a paycheck.
He's gonna be living off
of your lawyer checks
while he sits around
just doing whatever
he does.
Are you saying
that your daughter
is too good for my son?
No. No, l'm not.
But l am asking you,
Marcus, straight up,
man to man,
would you respect a man
who doesn't pull
his own weight?
No, sir, l wouldn't.
l'm gonna
tell him tomorrow.
l promise.
Whatever.
Do you want to be
like your new buddy Brad
and hang out at
the clubs all night long,
picking up on
the young girls?
You know, Sonia,
l forgot Valentine's Day
and l'm really sorry.
The other day
my daughters
made fun of me.
What do you mean?
They didn't know
l was listening
and they made fun
of the woman l've become.
They're our children.
That's what they do.
No, no, no.
l used to be
a cool chick.
l was fun.
Don't you miss that?
We're not kids anymore.
l know.
l know we're not
kids anymore, Miguel.
But when did l
stop being a woman?
l'm a wife,
l'm a mother.
But you don't
see me as that girl
that you used to
pick up in your ride.
And we would just drive
with the top down.
Then we'd park
and listen to
music all night,
till the sun came up.
But we can't do that anymore
'cause l gotta go to work.
Why is it when
l asked you the other day
how l looked,
you said, "Fine,"
but whatever car
you're working on
looks sexy?
l dropped out of law school
to be a volunteer teacher.
We think that's noble.
He's not going to.
lt's gonna kill him.
Baby, he was drunk
and pouring his heart out.
What was l supposed to do?
Stand up for me.
You just stood there
and watched as l drowned
to save yourself.
l know about
disappointment.
You know how l feel
about my mother.
Babe, it wasn't like that.
Look, when you
tell me you love me,
l need to be
able to trust that.
When you say
you'll never leave me,
l need to be
able to believe it.
lf you can't
stand up to your dad
for our relationship,
for me,
then what are we doing?
Why are we doing this?
What are you saying?
You don't want
to do this?
to get married?
l don't know.
You don't know?
Well, let me
make it easy for you.
SONlA: Lucia, what's wrong?
The wedding's off.
What? Wait a minute.
What do you mean
our wedding is off?
No, Mom, not our wedding.
My wedding is off.
The wedding's off?
The wedding's off.
You want to go
toss the ball, angel?
No, Dad,
l don't want to
toss a ball !
And l'm not your angel.
Lucia, calm down.
Would your angel
have dropped out
of law school?
(GASPS)
You dropped out
of law school?
And l've been
volunteer teaching
at a charter school
for immigrants
for three months.
And l love it.
lmagine that, Daddy,
l love what l do.
Oh, and l've been
living with Marcus.
And yes,
we were having sex.
Hey.
Hey!
l was in
the neighborhood,
so l thought
l'd drop off the invoice
from the caterers.
Okay. Oh, great, great.
Thanks.
Can l come in?
l got some. . .
Just a couple of things
l'm gonna take care of.
Brad?
Brad, l think
the omelet's burning.
l'll be right there.
Angie! Angie!
Angela,
you're my best friend.
l don't want to mess
that up, all right?
There's no woman
that means more to me
than you mean to me.
She appeared in the distance
Like a prayer
l had uttered once
She appeared in my life
Like a dream
onIy haIf-remembered
She entered my heart
Stayed a while
Made me to smile
Then gone
Gone from my life
Yeah
Her love was like
a burning fIame of desire
Desire
lf l could do it
all over again,
l would call you
after my first semester
and tell you that,
even though
l know how hard
you worked
to put me
through law school,
it just didn't
feel right.
l'm sorry, Dad.
l just hope that
you can forgive me.
Remember when
you were nine,
and you melted
that stick of butter
on the brand new VCR
with the Duran/Leonard
fight tape still in it?
You were so scared
when l came home.
And l told you,
"Even when l'm mad at you,
"l still love you."
l'll always love you.
l made one mistake.
One.
What, did he just
forget all the times
that l was there for him?
Through med school,
when his mom would call.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
He doesn't want
to marry me.
He said, "l don't know."
How many times
did we scream at
each other growing up?
Two hours later,
we're best friends again.
Only difference is,
now we're grownups.
Gotta apologize first.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
We never apologize.
That's how we
dominate their brain.
(LAUGHlNG)
Okay, get up.
Put this on.
Come on. Let's go.
What are you doing?
Being your maid of honor.
Just shut up.
Stop it. Go. Get up.
She was beautiful.
She was classy,
adventurous.
But she never
really loved me.
Five.
You know how l knew?
How?
She never laughed
at my jokes.
Pop, your jokes
are corny.
That's not the point.
lf your lady loves you,
she laughs at your jokes.
lt was a sign.
l just totally ignored it.
Lucia laughs
at my jokes.
That's 'cause
Lucia is your friend.
Gotta pay attention
to the signs.
Five.
Wait, wait.
What?
What's the plan?
My plan was
to get you here,
and you're here.
Wait. lzzy, wait.
What?
What if he won't
come out?
What if he doesn't
want to talk to me?
Then he doesn't
deserve you.
Come on.
l don't want to.
You know,
Angela laughs
at your jokes.
Yeah.
Ten.
(SlNGlNG LOUDLY)
Don't do that!
(DlSTANT HOWLlNG)
Abort!
What's that?
Stop. Lucia, stop.
You're gonna get us
mauled out here.
Dogs love me.
They're coyotes.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
What are you doing?
Marcus, l'm sorry.
For making you feel
anything less than
the most important
person in my life.
l love you.
And if you still want me,
we could just. . .
We could go
to Vegas tonight
and get married
and we could just
forget about all of this,
the wedding and the families
and the traditions and. . .
Just you and me and. . .
Your family
would kill us.
l don't care anymore.
Look, babe,
l don't want you
to ever feel like
you have to sacrifice
your family for me.
l love you.
Always?
Always.
Told you.
You
Show me who l am
and what I'm doing
You
Better know this love
runs deep
SONlA: She's not here.
She left with lsabel.
l'm looking for you.
What, Miguel?
Come here.
You know what l realized
about this car?
What?
lt's grown and sexy.
Just like my wife.
(SCOFFS)
lt's like you two were
meant for each other.
(GASPS)
(LAUGHlNG)
My God !
l love you.
l love you more.
Go ahead. Have fun.
(CAR STARTlNG)
(CAR APPROACHlNG)
Hey, baby.
Want to come
have fun with me?
Yeah.
Wow, this is
a nice car.
Yeah. How do l look?
Perfect.
(PEOPLE CHATTERlNG)
You guys need to take
this ball out and play
on the grass, okay?
Okay.
Before you break something.
That goes by the pool
on the right.
By the pool.
Hey, don't. . .
You're Mr. Popular, right?
ls that my Brian Smith?
Hey, you need
to cover that.
That's very,
very expensive.
Yo, bro,
you got a plunger?
Fancy toilet.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
l think you have
the wrong house.
Me no English. Sorry.
This is the wrong. . .
Let me help you.
This goes over here
on the table.
Thanks. Right here.
(ALL EXCLAlMlNG)
What is this?
lt's a wedding cake.
Wedding cake.
Comprende?
Mama,
she speaks English.
Who are
these people?
Excuse you !
You see,
this is exquisite cake.
No.
l chose it myself.
The chef,
he worked three hours
on the marzipan
just to get
the right molding
and design.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
My Lucia is going
to have a traditional
Mexican wedding cake.
Honey, you all
know you're
across the border.
l'll handle it, Ma.
(ALL ARGUlNG)
lt's a beautiful cake.
The kids
are gonna
love this cake.
lt is beautiful.
You want cake?
Yes.
ALL: Yeah.
There!
(ALL EXCLAlMlNG)
DlANE: Keisha. Keisha!
Keisha! No, baby. Stop!
No,
we gotta give it
to Jesus.
Come on, baby,
give it to Jesus.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
What is this?
Oh, my God.
lt's a dish
called birria.
lt's for
Mexican
celebrations.
Oh, no, no, no.
You need to get
this thing out of here.
Yes, l know.
Hey! No, no!
We are not gonna
kill a goat in this
man's backyard.
(EXCLAlMlNG)
No goat killing
in the house.
(ALL EXCLAlMlNG)
He'll eat anything.
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
No, no.
Not in my house.
You gotta get him.
(EXCLAlMlNG)
BOYD: He's a goat!
What the hell, bro?
(GLASS SHATTERlNG)
What now?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
What's going on?
Who did this?
He did !
(ALL ARGUlNG OUTSlDE)
Can you take care
of your kids, please?
Wendell,
get the boys,
please.
Get them outside.
Thank you, Brad.
You see that little
line right there?
Off-limits.
Don't come in my house.
KElSHA:
They're just hyper,
Brad. l'm sorry.
Nice.
Family.
l know.
You understand?
l understand.
(CRASHlNG)
(GOAT BLEATlNG)
BOYD: Can you see it?
MlGUEL: No.
Look at this mess!
He tore your bathroom up.
l can't believe it.
Look at this.
Where's the goat?
l don't know.
Maybe he got out.
What?
(KNOCKlNG)
(BLEATlNG)
BOYD: What the heck?
Go!
Hey, Miguel.
Down, boy. Down.
Just let him finish,
then he'll go to sleep.
(ALL SHOUTlNG)
l got it!
Where the. . .
Get the goat!
(EXCLAlMlNG)
The goat! The goat!
(PEOPLE EXCLAlMlNG)
DlANE: Look at this.
They do some kind
of ritual around here.
l saw that goat
with something on.
Yeah.
l've never seen
no goat. . .
DlANE: l've never
seen anything
like this.
All Spanish weddings
have goats?
This is ridiculous.
Got to pray.
This is terrible.
Look at this.
This is embarrassing.
Got to pray, yes.
lSABEL: lt's all right,
Luce. We're gonna
fix it right now.
No worries.
(GOAT BLEATlNG) Call me.
Totally got it.
We're all helping.
Everybody's helping.
Why is there a goat here?
Who brought a goat?
Dia did.
Dia, you brought a goat?
CEClLlA: l bring it
for the barbeque.
Marcus, you're not
supposed to see me.
lt's bad luck.
This is a disaster.
DlANE: All right, everybody.
Let's get this cleaned up.
We got a wedding.
Okay, enough.
Okay, gum.
Okay.
(EXHALlNG)
l made you these.
Oh, Mom,
they're gorgeous.
Mmm-hmm.
Thank you.
Something new.
You're welcome.
Okay. Now,
l want you to come
(SlGHlNG)
and look at this
beautiful woman.
And don't you
ever forget her.
Okay.
Are you sure?
We could bounce
right now.
You know. . .
l'm sorry for
every wrong word
l ever said
about your mother.
l'm sorry for every
wrong thing l ever
said about marriage.
'Cause the truth is,
if Cheryl were
here right now,
l would thank her.
Tell her that l don't
have any regrets
'cause it gave me you.
l'm so proud
of you, Son.
All right, GQ.
Hi, Angie.
Hey, Brad.
You ready?
Ready.
MARCUS: Thanks for standing
in for my mom.
ANGELA: l wouldn't have it
any other way.
Hey!
Hey, you two.
He looks so handsome.
(BAND PLAYlNG
HERE COMES THE BRlDE)
PRlEST:
Please, all rise.
You ready?
Yeah.
Okay.
(PEOPLE MURMURlNG)
Please,
all be seated.
Excuse me.
Sir, l know this is
long overdue, but. . .
What is he doing?
l don't know.
May l have the honor
of your daughter's
hand in marriage?
Oh.
Baby,
you don't have to kneel.
You can just stand.
Oh.
Thank you for that.
But you're her choice,
which makes this
my choice as well.
Welcome to the family, Marcus.
Thank you.
Who gives this woman
to this man?
l do.
(CLEARlNG THROAT)
Oh, yes.
And who gives this man
to this woman?
l do.
(ALL MUTTERlNG)
Lucia, l am so happy
that Marcus found you.
Thank you for being
my son's best friend.
Thank you.
You have
a beautiful smile.
Break.
(ALL LAUGHlNG)
(CLEARlNG THROAT)
Sorry.
Hold each other's
right hand and
repeat after me.
l, Lucia,
take you, Marcus. . .
To have and to hold
from this day forward. . .
PRlEST:
For better, for worse.
For better
or for worse.
May we have the arras?
Symbolizing mutual protection
in the material world.
Now, may we have the veil,
which brings them
together into one.
May we have the lasso?
This lasso symbolizes
eternal love.
What God has joined,
no one may divide.
(CLEARlNG THROAT)
PRlEST:
You may now
kiss the bride.
(ALL CHEERlNG)
May l present to you
Marcus and Lucia.
Husband and wife.
(SPANlSH SONG PLAYlNG)
The one on. . .
On the left.
Angie, can l talk
to you for a minute?
Excuse me,
can l have a glass
of champagne?
Thank you.
Talk to you later, T.J.
MC: Ladies and gentIemen,
let's welcome
the newIyweds,
Marcus and Lucia.
(ALL CHEERlNG)
(EXCLAlMlNG)
(LAUGHlNG)
(DANCE MUSlC PLAYlNG)
(CROWD CHANTlNG)
Hey! Hey, don't!
They're saying
you're whipped.
(EXCLAlMlNG)
(WHOOPlNG)
(SlNGlNG lN SPANlSH)
(EXCLAlMlNG)
(CONTlNUES SlNGlNG)
(ALL CHEERlNG)
(EXCLAlMlNG)
(SPEAKlNG SPANlSH)
(WHOOPlNG)
Why is she crying?
lt'll be fine.
Don't worry.
And if you don't know,
now you know!
(BLUES PLAYlNG)
BOYD:
Angie, pIease,
one dance.
All right. He's looking.
Don't turn my son down.
One dance, Brad.
One dance.
Oh, baby
Oh, baby, can't you see?
You're the onIy one
make me feel so free
(GROANlNG)
Come on, Brad.
Angie, don't.
l'm sorry.
Gotta get us past this
because l love you.
l love you.
What happens when
the music stops?
Let's just make sure
the music never stops,
okay?
l love you.
Why now, Brad?
After all these years?
lt's love,
can't tell time.
That's nice.
Yeah.
You have a good kid.
Lucia's lucky
to have him.
We're family.
To the kids.
(BAND SlNGlNG)
Elbows out.
That's right, holmes.
Then lean. That's it.
MAN:
Play some music
we can dance to.
(SEPTEMBER PLAYING)
Do you remember
the 21 st night of September?
Love was changing
the minds of pretenders
WhiIe chasing
the cIouds away
Our hearts were ringing
In the key that
our souIs were singing
As we danced in the night
Remember how the stars
stoIe the night away
l love you.
Ba de ya
Dancing in September
Never was a cIoudy day
My thoughts are with you
HoIding hands
with your heart
to see you
Only blue talk and love
Remember how we knew
Iove was here to stay
Now December
found the love
that we shared
in September
Only blue talk and love
Remember the true love
we share today
Yeah
Ah, ba de ya
Say, do you remember?
Ba de ya
Dancing in September
Golden dreams
were shiny days
The beIIs were ringing
Oh, our souls were singing
Do you remember?
Never a cIoudy day
There wasn't... Ba de ya
Say, do you remember?
Ba de ya
Dancing in September
Golden dreams
were shiny days
Soft lips glistening
Got me listening
to your every word
Though I don't speak
a word of Spanish
l can see
the Ianguage barrier
beginning to bIur
Got to have it
Though you're not
an item to be won
But a dream too lavish
to be sIept on
So l uncock my weapon
And step unharmed
to your feminine charms
Take a chance
and ask you
to dance with me
Though some say
I got two Ieft feet
I stiII gIide to the beat
Sliding with thee
in motion
Overdosing from
the opuIent potion
Emotion crashing
like the ocean
Tide rising, spIashing
Our silhouettes enclosing
in the passion
Heart dashing
Souls lock, sweat glistening
Yeah
Let your eyes
do the taIking
I'm Iistening
On this hot Spanish night
Your eyes are
Iike candIeIight
I wonder, wouId it be
aII right with you
if we couId fIy away
to the moon
Hot like the
pimientos de Padrόn pepper
Sweet like churros
but way better
Let the worId go
Let's toast
to full-bodied red wine
Sip it slow
and let it breathe
as the perfume unwinds
Grapes plucked
from a vintage vine
Got me sinking deep
into your intense eyes
Let the incense rising
cause an effect
BIood rushing
AII right,
Iet me pause
for a sec
l'm combusted
and l don't want to
faII in my step
Entrusting you
Got all my respect
Call me collect
My phone's on roam
I Iove your breath in my ear
and your vocaI tone
Hot Spanish night
Your eyes are
Iike candIeIight
I wonder, wouId it be
aII right with you
if we couId fIy away
to the moon
Hot Spanish night
Your eyes are
Iike candIeIight
I wonder, wouId it be
aII right with you
if we couId fIy away
to the moon
300MB UNiTED TEAM - sunmenghao
300mbunited.com | rapidpremium.net